COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE.

JAMAICA. "'

By the Velocity, Capt. Tatem, which arrived at this port
on Tuesday, we have received Jamaica papers of the date the
3lst of July inclusive. Had this vessel remained a few hours
longer at Kingston she might have been the bearer of the
tidings which should acquaint us whether the dreaded Ist of
August had been disgraced by acts of outrage or disorder,
which it was predicted the negroes would commit, or whether
the conduct of the emancipated slaves had justified the lofty
encomiums which their deliverers have lavished on them. Our
knowledge of the issue must be furnished by a future arrival.
In the meanwhile it may not be unimportant to append the
statements with which the latest Jamaica journals supply us.
In order that they may possess themselves of such funds as
they may deem it necessary to expend on the festivities with
which the Ist of August should be honoured, the black popu-
lation have denuded their applotments of land of every vestige
of fruit and corn, whether it happened to be ripe or unripe.
This produce they have exposed to sale, and the proceeds will,
beyond all doubt, be most faithfully expended in maintenance
of mirth, jolity and excess. In despite of the nervous appre-
hensions in which some of the Jamaica journalists indulge,
there remains no faint nor ill-founded hope that the epoch of
the abolition of slavery will only be remarkable as a season of
warrantable conviviality and excusable carouse.
